1. default always to light mode
2. make the dark mode transition smoother
3. redesign the get to know me button: make it centered but avoid making it too long when on desktop mode

4. make the dark mode toggle button place on the farthest left and the hamburger icon on the far right.

Admin Part

1. Add a "present" option on the Add/Edit experience part.
2. Fix the UI of the Choose Files and Upload Images buttons on the Experience Admin part by making them more visible and readable.
3. Fix the UI of the Delete button on the Experience Admin part by making it more visible and readable and always ask for confirmation before deleting.

4. Thumbnail image for the work experience should be a separate image from the work experience images. You can implement this by adding a new field to the experience table called "thumbnail_image".
5. when uploading images, there should be a progress bar to show the progress of the upload.


About Outputs Library
1. remove this placeholder:
    Output id is generated automatically from the title when you save. Current id: app-marine-biodiversity-database
2. When displaying database items, refer to the active sample output type (3D models, images/designs, Project links) and only display items those of the same active sample output type selected.
3. remove this placeholder:
    No model uploaded yet. Choose a `.glb` or `.gltf` file below, then save the item once
4. the photos in the about photos are displayed too widely and I want them to be smaller so that they dont take up the entire width. Please redesign this portion again. 

About me Page
1. Though the about photos display properly when in mobile device, the photos are somehow cropped when viewed in desktop. Please fix this behavior by maybe making it somehow dynamic?

2. When viewing in desktop mode, please hide the 'Swipe left/right to browse photos' helper since the swiping action cannot be done in desktop. Only show it when user is using a mobile device.

Homepage
1. get to know me button - add a profile icon or an icom that best suits for the button
2. add a send email button on the first part of the page upon opening.
3. add a 'recommendations' section on the homepage - also add this option in the admin page and provide the appropriate sql snippet to run
4. try to make everything seemingly compact in design (no long scrolls and more professional looking). Rounded edges of the cards should also be considered for redesigning into something sharp for more professional look. I expect the contents to somehow be displayed in smaller font-sizes and a more compact arrangement for employers to appreciate the design towards being considering of their time. 

1. Since we no longer need scrolling, I think we can safely remove the nav bar on the desktop nav and move the dark mode button somewhere else proper (you choose where). Though, on the device mode, retain the navbar since there is more scrolling involved. 
2. Rearrange the items please. The massive whitespace below the skills portion is very annoying. 
3. The whitespace between the hero image and the 'Hi, I'm Francis' is also very space-consuming and eye-sore, please consider rearranging this portion.

1. rearrange the first two items (photo and introduction) and make them more compact.
2. move the dark mode toggle to the footer
3. remove the background outline of the hero image.


1. Can you please scale up the image to be of the same height as the item next to it.
2. Add github and linkedIn button links next to send email button
3. sharpen the rounded edges 
4. Implement similar changes (compacting) to the other pages of the portfolio. 

About me Page
1. My Images in the about_photos are in portrait, and there is a bunch of whitespace
2. The professional profile card does not align with the about photos and there are massive whitespaces not occupied. 
3. 3D models in the about me page are not loading ? or they are still being loaded and the website shows the following:  
    "Nothing here yet."
    I think placing something like a progress bar is more appropriate here or better yet, before showing the whole page, load everything first.
4. Under the Sample outputs, I want the 3D model cards to be compacted and maybe make the sample outputs and certificates within the same row but on different columns. 
5. Make display of the certificates more like on one side everything and years on the other. Scale down the images to be compacted and to preserve space.


1. maybe divide the column for sample outputs and certificate and training as follows:
    sample outputs - 4/10
    certificate - 6/10

2. Reduce the size of the 3D model cards to be smaller in width. 

3. make the certificate images pressable and viewable

4. Make the image the same width as the sample outputs with the professional summary also the same width as the certificates timeline below it. Do not make the image and professional summary to be necessarily the same height. At all times, avoid whitespaces. Compact the professional summary card and push the certificates upward just below it. 


Home Page
General
1. do not use rounded-edges anymore (make everything look sleek and pro)
2. Use a different font color instead of grey

Desktop
1. fit at most two 3D model cards under the sample outputs/3D models section (to preserve image aspect ratio by making it less rectangular and more square-like).

Mobile
1. Organization of items. It should be as follows from top to bottom.
    - Hero Image
    - Get to know me, Send Email, etc. buttons
    - Portfolio Overview
    - (Retain as is)

2. Resize the Get to know me, Send Email, etc. buttons to properly fit the mobile view

3. Nest the skills within one container. Same goes for education and experiences.
